CURRENT RATIO can be defined as a liquidity ratio that measures a company's ability to pay short-term obligations.

LONG-TERM DEBT/CAPITAL can be defined as a measurement of a company's financial leverage, calculated as the company's long-term debt divided by its total capital.

DEBT/EQUITY RATIO can be defined as a measure of a company's financial leverage calculated by dividing its long-term debt by stockholders' equity.

GROSS MARGIN is the amount of money a company retains after incurring the direct costs associated with producing the goods it sells and the services it provides

OPERATING MARGIN measures how much profit a company makes on a dollar of sales after paying for variable costs of production

EBIT MARGIN is a financial ratio that measures the profitability of a company calculated without taking into account the effect of interest and taxes.

EBITDA MARGIN is a measure of a company's operating profit as a percentage of its revenue.

PRE-TAX PROFIT MARGIN can be defined as earnings before taxes as a portion of total revenue.
Net profit margin can be defined as net Income as a portion of total sales revenue.

ASSET TURNOVER can be defined as the amount of sales or revenues generated per dollar of assets. The asset turnover ratio is an indicator of the efficiency with which a company is deploying its assets.

INVENTORY TURNOVER RATIO can be defined as a ratio showing how many times a company's inventory is sold and replaced over a period.

RECEIVABLE TURNOVER can be defined as an accounting measure used to quantify a firm's effectiveness in extending credit as well as collecting debts.

DAYS SALES IN RECEIVABLES can be defined as the average number of days it takes to collect outstanding receiveable amounts from customers.

RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE) can be defined as the amount of net income returned as a percentage of shareholders equity. Return on equity measures a corporation's profitability by revealing how much profit a company generates with the money shareholders have invested.

RETURN ON TANGIBLE EQUITY can be defined as the amount of net income returned as a percentage of shareholders equity, after subtracting intangible assets, goodwill and preferred equity.

RETURN ON ASSETS (ROA) can be defined as an indicator of how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. Calculated by dividing a company's operating earnings by its total assets.

RETURN ON INVESTMENT (ROI) is calculated by dividing the profit earned on an investment by the cost of that investment

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE can be defined as the amount of equity available to shareholders expressed on a per common share basis.

OPERATIN CASH FLOW per share can be defined as a measure of financial performance calculated as operating cash flow, expressed on a per share basis.

FREE CASH FLOW per share can be defined as a measure of financial performance calculated as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures, expressed on a per share basis.

Source: macrotrends.net, investopedia.com, businessnovice.net